Update Multi-level SharedFX Lookup Doc (#503)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/features/multilevel-sharedfx-lookup.md

At last, the coreclr is loaded into memory and called to run the application.

### Probing for Assemblies

> Assembly are found by looking through probing paths in a certain order. The first found matching assembly wins, and that location will be passed to coreclr. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assemblies are found by looking through probing paths in a certain order. The first found matching assembly wins, and that location will be passed to CoreCLR. For example:
```

> Assemblies are found by looking through probing paths in a certain order. The first found matching assembly wins, and that location will be passed to CoreCLR. For example:

Reviewer 2: This paragraph says "first found matching assembly wins" and the 2.1+  paragraph says "the assembly with the highest version wins". Seems to be conflicting statements.

Author: Thanks for pointing it out, @jkotas. I've fixed this.

* In version 2.0, the local app location has priority over the shared framework locations and if the same assembly exists in both locations, the coreclr will end up using the local app's copy of that assembly.

> * In version 2.1and later, if multiple assemblies with the same name are found, the assembly with the highest version wins. This is necessary to avoid downgrading assembly versions requested by the application.

Reviewer 2: This is still missing space between "2.1" and "and".

Author: I fixed this now, my apologies. I'd previously checked in your suggestion, but it got lost in the merge conflict.

> * In version 2.1and later, if multiple assemblies with the same name are found, the assembly with the highest version wins. This is necessary to avoid downgrading assembly versions requested by the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In version 2.1 and later, if multiple assemblies with the same name are found, the assembly with the highest version wins. This is necessary to avoid downgrading assembly versions requested by the application.
```

Author: @jkotas Fixed it, thanks.

> * In version 2.1and later, when a roll-forward is performed at a non-patch version (meaning a change to the major or minor version), the highest assembly version wins. This is necessary in run-time scenarios to prevent assembly load exceptions which occur when an assembly is referencing a higher version of another assembly, but a lower version is actually found. 

Reviewer 2: > This is necessary in run-time scenarios to prevent assembly load exceptions 

If you explain it this way, the natural question to ask is: Why we have not change the runtime to stop throwing these exceptions?

Instead, I would say: "This is necessary to avoid downgrading assembly versions requested by the application."

Reviewer: I don't think the code actually considers roll-forward in this case at all - we simply always take the higher versions of the assembly if there's more than one option. This can happen even without roll-forward.
